add core concepts content (#510)
OpenFreeEnergy/gufe: docs/concepts/tokenizables.rst

Deduplication on disk storage is fundamentally the responsibility of the specific storage system, which falls outside the scope of **gufe**.
However, **gufe** provides some tools to facilitate implementation of a storage system.

The main idea is to use the ``GufeKey`` to ensure uniqueness, and to use it as a label for the object's serialized representation.
Additionally, the ``GufeKey``, which is simply a string, can be used as a stand-in for the object.
When an outer ``GufeTokenizable`` contains an inner ``GufeTokenizable``, the outer can store the ``GufeKey`` in place of the inner object.
That is, we can store by reference to the ``GufeKey``.

To convert a ``GufeTokenizable`` ``obj`` into a dictionary that references inner ``GufeTokenizable``\s by ``GufeKey``, use ``obj.to_keyed_dict()``.
That method replaces each ``GufeTokenizable`` by a ``dict`` with a single key, ``':gufe-key:'``, mapping to the ``GufeKey`` of the object.
Of course, you'll also need to do the same for all inner ``GufeTokenizables``; to get a list of all of them, use :func:`.get_all_gufe_objs` on the outermost ``obj``.

.. TODO: add a tutorial for this in the tutorials section?

.. _serialization:

> 1. Serializable Representations of ``GufeTokenizable``\s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Serializable Representations of ``GufeTokenizable``\s
```

Author: I'll try to find how to turn off this auto-numbering (if it's possible)

Understanding GufeTokenizables
==============================

> Most objects in gufe are subclasses of :class:`.GufeTokenizable`.

Author: I think it's [sphinx magic](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/domains/python.html#role-py-class) - I'm not sure but I've used this convention before and it works here!

> Most objects in gufe are subclasses of :class:`.GufeTokenizable`.

Reviewer: Sphinx magic is my "favorite" magic. :sweat_smile:

> Most objects in gufe are subclasses of :class:`.GufeTokenizable`.

Reviewer: I love how in the sphinx docs "a dotted name may be used" shows up for many of the directives, but nowhere in the page AFAICT does it say what this even means or how it works. :roll_eyes:

> This base class enforces common behavior and sets requirements necessary

Author: yes I prefer this as well!

inner GufeTokenizables; to get a list of all of them, use
:func:`.get_all_gufe_objs` on the outermost ``obj``.

.. TODO: add a tutorial for this in the tutorials section?

.. _serialization:

3. Serializable Representations of ``GufeTokenizables``
-------------------------------------------------------

.. TODO: add an intro here?

Representations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Each subclass's implementation of ``to_dict()`` defines what information a ``GufeTokenizable`` will serialize, and all other representations (``to_shallow_dict``, ``to_keyed_dict``, ``to_keyed_chain``) behavior are determined by this basic ``to_dict()`` definition.

a) dictionary
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``to_dict()`` method is the most explicit way to represent a GufeTokenizable.
This method recursively unpacks any inner GufeTokenizables that an
outer GufeTokenizable contains to their full dict representation.
Although this method is best way to see all information stored in a GufeTokenizable,
it is also the least space-efficient.

For example, we can easily comprehend the ``to_dict()`` representation of benzene :ref:`as shown above <benzene_to_dict>`, but for

> a larger and deeply nested object, such as an ``AlchemicalNetwork``, the ``to_dict()`` representation is neither easily readable by humans or computationally memory-efficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a larger and deeply nested object, such as an ``AlchemicalNetwork``, the ``to_dict()`` representation is neither easily readable by humans or memory-efficient.
``GufeTokenizable``\s referenced multiple times among the nested objects are duplicated in this representation.
```

.. TODO: show this method
.. TODO: diagram

b) shallow dictionary
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``to_shallow_dict()`` method is similar to ``to_dict()`` in that it unpacks a tokenizable into a ``dict`` format,
but a shallow dict is *not recursive* and only unpacks the top level of the GufeTokenizable. Anything nested deeper is represented by

> the inner objects' GufeTokenizable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but a shallow dict is *not recursive* and only unpacks the top level of the ``GufeTokenizable``.
Any nested ``GufeTokenizable``\s are left as-is.
```

        Transformation(stateA=ChemicalSystem(name=benzene-solvent, components={'ligand': SmallMoleculeComponent(name=benzene), 'solvent': SolventComponent(name=O, K+, Cl-)}), stateB=ChemicalSystem(name=styrene-solvent, components={'ligand': SmallMoleculeComponent(name=styrene), 'solvent': SolventComponent(name=O, K+, Cl-)}), protocol=<Protocol-d01baed9cf2500c393bd6ddb35ee38aa>, name=None),
        Transformation(stateA=ChemicalSystem(name=benzene-solvent, components={'ligand': SmallMoleculeComponent(name=benzene), 'solvent': SolventComponent(name=O, K+, Cl-)}), stateB=ChemicalSystem(name=phenol-solvent, components={'ligand': SmallMoleculeComponent(name=phenol), 'solvent': SolventComponent(name=O, K+, Cl-)}), protocol=<Protocol-d01baed9cf2500c393bd6ddb35ee38aa>, name=None)
        ],
    'name': None,
    '__qualname__': 'AlchemicalNetwork',
    '__module__': 'gufe.network',
    ':version:': 1
    }

.. TODO: diagram

> This method is most useful for iterating through the hierarchy of a GufeTokenizable one layer at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This representation is most useful for iterating through the hierarchy of a ``GufeTokenizable`` one layer at a time.
Because it leaves nested ``GufeTokenizable``s untouched, it is generally unsuitable for serialization.
```
